SURF-243 Document precedence rules in Cypher (#1464)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/expressions/predicates/boolean-operators.adoc

2+d|Rows: 4
|===

.Operator precedence
[NOTE]
====
Operator precedence defines how Cypher groups expressions when parentheses are not present.
Within predicates, the following order is relevant (higher precedence first):

> * Comparison operators: `=`, `<>`, `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`, `IS NULL`, `IS NOT NULL`, `IN`, `STARTS WITH`, `ENDS WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `=~`

Reviewer: `<=` gets rendered as a left arrow. 

<img width="670" height="249" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b949c3b6-e89d-4e3c-b981-7a7d98b8fabd" />

Hopefully, that can be prevented somehow. Try:

```suggestion
* Comparison operators: `=`, `<>`, `<`, `>`, `\<=`, `>=`, `IS NULL`, `IS NOT NULL`, `IN`, `STARTS WITH`, `ENDS WITH`, `CONTAINS`, `=~`
```

* `NOT`
* `AND`
* `XOR`
* `OR`

This means `NOT` applies to the result of a comparison unless you add parentheses.

Examples:

* `NOT true = false` is parsed as `NOT (true = false)` and is valid.

> * `true = NOT false` does not parse. Use `true = (NOT false)` if that is your intent.

Reviewer 2: when it doesn't parse, does that mean it's not valid?

Reviewer: Yes. I agree with what is presumably behind your question, which is that users do not care where a query fails in the stack. From a user's point of view it only matter whether a query is valid or invalid.

I would also move the invalid example to the back so it is not a back and forth between valid and invalid examples.

```
* `NOT true AND false` is valid and equivalent to `(NOT true) AND false`.
* `true AND NOT false` is valid and equivalent to `true AND (NOT false)`.
* `NOT true = false` is valid and equivalent to `NOT (true = false)`.
* `true = NOT false` is not valid. Use `true = (NOT false)` instead.
```

* `true AND NOT false` is parsed as `true AND (NOT false)`.

> * `NOT true AND false` is parsed as `(NOT true) AND false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `NOT true AND false` is valid and equivalent to `(NOT true) AND false`.
* `true AND NOT false` is valid and equivalent to `true AND (NOT false)`.
* `NOT true = false` is valid and equivalent to `NOT (true = false)`.
* `true = NOT false` is not valid. Use `true = (NOT false)` instead.
```

suggestion following @hvub 's proposal
